[Music]
it is often those we live with and love
the ones we care about the most
who elude us even now when I look back
on the Montana of my youth I longed to
understand what happened there and why
come on what do you want to be when you
grow up minister I guess what are you
gonna be first row fly fisherman there's
no such thing my brother Paul and I grew
up in a time when the land was still
untouched Montana the three things were
never late for church work and fishing
it was a world of wonder and possibility
[Music]
I'm in love with Jessie burns with all
the fish in the river I'm not like her
[Music]
but it was a tough world - picking your
brother up too much like that
why people who need the most help won't
take it I know how we can go down
history I understand he's changed the
spelling of my name I want you to know I
can help boys what have you done
from boys to men the world is full of
bastards the number increasing rapidly
the further one gets from missoula in
life and in love
[Music]
all memories become one and a river runs
through it
from Academy award-winning director
Robert Redford comes the classic story
of an American family
[Music]